#Interviews for social networks- WEB14204So this week I had the task of interviewing people then looking at how I found the process. I found this fairly **useful** as it allowed me to look at **different styles of questions** and help me to see what works to find out information and what doesn’t. ###The questions I planned to ask **12 solid questions**. I didn’t realise at the time how many questions I was asking. It was only after when I was asking the questions I realised how many I had. I usually only plan to ask **ten questions** when I do something like this, but I did find that I needed the other two questions as well.     I wanted to ask questions about:		•	How important make-up is to people, 		•	If they have social media accounts, 		•	If they would follow a beauty account if there was one, 		•	Where they currently get their beauty advice from,		•	If they follow any beauty accounts on there social media profiles.  ###The process I found getting people to want to take part in my interviews **was hard**, as there weren’t that many people **willing** to take part in the interview. But I managed to find people in the end. To be honest I didn’t get as many people as I wanted. It took around **10-15 minutes to do one interview**. ###The feedbackWhile I was doing the interviews with some people I noticed that the **answers weren’t quite what I was expecting**. So I took another look at the questions to see if it was the way I was wording them. After reviewing the questions I found that this was the case. Some of the questions could have been **worded a little better**, as I think that could of helped me to get the longer answers I was hoping for. I also think there are other things which I needed to know which I still don’t know because they **weren’t mentioned** within the interview.     Overall I think this was a good exercise to complete, as I will now know what to look out for when I come to interview people later on in the process.  
 