
# Make it like the PSD – WEB14204

### What are the disadvantages of presenting Photoshop documents, as opposed to other ways of communicating a design (according to the author)?-	One of the main disadvantages of using Photoshop is all the *`effort`* that people go to, to create the document and try and make everything look so perfect at such a early stage it then becomes hard to draw away from what the designer has already done. Because they don’t tend to want to *`change`* their design. 
 ###If PSDs are so bad, why do so many people use them as project deliverables?-	Because people like to make there designs look *`perfect`* and like to make things that look real. I think people like to see what there the site is going to look like, and Photoshop is usually used as the go to tool to make this. 
###What alternatives does the author propose to the Photoshop-driven design process?-	I think instead of using Photoshop people could use other software’s and there are even websites now that can be used to make *`wireframes`*. From an early stage people can see if things need to be changed and because it is all *`boxes`* and stuff and usually just pen and paper people don’t mind starting the wire framing again, as it doesn’t really matter to much if the boxes and things move around. 
###How do you feel about the Photoshop-driven design process?-	I think they are good sometimes, but I think it could be best used for the *`later stages`* of the processes where the wire-framing is near enough done and its good to see what the website might look like. But this isn’t something that I would do at the start of the *`process`*. Because I think if this is something I do early on then I think I’d very soon get attached to the PSD and would be a little reluctant to make that many changes. 