
# What do you want to get out of this unit/project? – Blog post week 1 

 From my current understanding of the course so far, I will be redesigning the look of an existing social network and looking into the importance of UX or creating a new social network and designing the look of the site and again understanding the importance of UX.
 ###Goal 1  I think the first thing I want to be able to achieve by the end of this project would be to confidently say that I know how to *`design a site professionally`* which has good UX design. This is because when I usually design something there’s one things, which is in the right place, and everything else requires the user to scroll, or process two or three clicks to find what they are looking for. This is a habit I’d like to drop, and I’d much like to create something, which is simplistic and easy for the user to use. 
###Goal 2 The second goal I would like to set for myself would be to complete *`two different prototypes`*. This is because I know that I’m indecisive, and I would like to look at two different approaches to the design aspect of the project because I think UX is a very important to how the website would work. So I’d like to see if I could get a good mix of the two, as I’d like to be able to combine the two together and make something which is easy to use and is very user friendly as well as something which is visually very appealing on the eye. 
###Goal 3 I would like to make a *`clear comparison`* between the initial site and the new site, which I have redesigned. I would like at least three major changes and differences to the site, which have helped to improve the look and functionality of the site. This can be in anything like the *colours, fonts, functionality, layout, pictures, themes, amount of clicks needed to get to somewhere else on the site*. These are all part of the existing site, which I’d consider changing to improve the look and functionality of the site if I chose to work on an existing site or if I create a new one myself.
 ###Why these goals are important to me These goals are important to me because these are all things which I want to have achieved by the end of this project as I believe they are key skills which can help me grow as a *`creative professional`* and that I believe I currently lack in my set of creative skills. For example I believe I’d develop a more critical way of thinking while I am creating two different prototypes as it will help me to see the strengths and the weakness in each design and allow me to look at the best out of both of them and create something which is even better. 
###Where do I currently stand?In terms of skills which I have in UX I don’t have that many. This is because this is *``not a subject, which I have really visited before``*. I have how ever looked at design and considered how it would affect the user in pervious work. So I guess in some respects I have looked at UX but only in some aspects. 
    In terms of my strengths I come from a predominantly design based background so I would say that my background is in design. I like to experiment with different concepts and look at different ideologies to see what I can create. I do this to try and make my work look different and to help me stand out as a designer. I would also say that I think I work well in terms of critical thinking. This is because I can look at my own work and be fairly critical about it without being to naïve and thinking because its my work I can’t see no faults. In the last couple of years I have started to learn to code, one language at a time like HTML and CSS as well as dipping in and out of other languages as well such as JavaScript. 
        In terms of my weaknesses I’d say that there are some languages, which I have only very recently been introduced to, and ones which I’d like to develop my knowledge of such as JavaScript this is a fairly new language to me and is one I feel is important in developing websites and apps and therefore would be a good one to learn. One of my biggest weaknesses would be my indecisiveness as this affects me at almost every process as it takes me a long time to make a decision even if it is only for minor elements. I have a weakness in research, as I don’t tend to enjoy carrying it out. 
      ###How do I intend to achieve these goals?  Some of the small steps I could take would be to *`plan in advance when I need things done`*, this way I know what I should have done by certain deadlines which I have set myself and I can measure if I have got them done. *For example if I plan to have at least sketched out three prototypes by Thursday*. 
    I learn best through a whole combination of methods for example; listening and being shown is probably the best and then watching videos, and reading around the subject I find works well. Hiders I’d say lack of concentration sometimes. 
    ###My intensions in one word:“Determined” 
`SMART Goals`
`S`: I want to have a *`fully finished prototyping`* my work finished to a portfolio stand by the end of the project. 
`M`: every week I will *`set myself objectives`* to help me achieve my aims. This way I can measure that I am progressing. 
`A`: I will achieve my goals by having ago at the stuff I don’t know, but still allowing enough time to ask and *`find help`* in case I am unsuccessful. 
`R`: along with the timetable which we have been given to help us to see when work has to be done, providing it stays the same I will know in advance which weeks may require me to put in more work and which weeks I may need to *`read around the subject`* before attending lecture. 
`T`: my deadline for this project is the formative on the 10th March and the summative on the 9th of June and providing I can break down my work load evenly with enough time *`I’m sure I can get it done`*.  